##  007 一般疑问句 & 否定句 & 特殊疑问句

一般疑问句  Is this your ... ?
否定句 This is not my ？
两者的区别在于 提问: 这是你的什么什么? 

特殊疑问句 = `特殊疑问词`(What; Where...)＋　`一般疑问句` + `去掉答案`

## 020 
### Big & Smail
1. This dog is big .
2. This cat is smail .
3. Is this dog big ?
4. Is this cat smail ?
5. How big is this dog ?
6. How smail is this cat ?
### Open & Shut
1. This shop is open .
2. This shop is shut . 
3. This shop is closed . 
4. Is this shop open ?
5. Is this shop shut ?
### Light & Heavy
1. Who is heavy ?
2. boy and girl ？
3. The girl is heavry .
### Long & Short
1. These unbrellas are long .
2. Those umbrellas are short .

### Shoe
1. These shoes is nice .
2. These are her shoes .
3. Are those her shoes ?
4. Whose shoes are those ?

### Greandfather & Greadmother
1. This is her greadfather .
2. Is this her greadfather ?
3. Whose greadfather is this ?
4. Who is this ?

## 021
### give

1. give me five .
2. give me a hug .

### give sb. sth.  给某人某物
1. give me a pen .

| 第一人称 | 第二人称单数 | 第二人称复数 |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| **I** | **me** | **my** |
| **you** | **you** | **your** |
| **he** | **him** | **his** |
| **she** | **her** | **her** |
| **it** | **it** | **its** |

### Moeny & Ticket & Unmbrella & passposr
1. Give me your money . Pleaces !!!
2. Give him your ticket . Please !!!
3. Give her your umbrella . Please !!!
4. Give me her passposr . Please !!!
5. Give me a hand .

### One & Which
1. Which one ? 哪一个？

## 022

### Empty & Full
1. This is an empty house . 
2. This case is full .

### large  medium & little
1. Gibe me a medium cup / one.
2. This is a little girl .

### sharp  knife & blunt
1. This is a sharp knife .
2. Is this a sharp knife ?
3. These is a sharp knifeves .
4. This is a blunt knife .

### small big
1. Is that a dog ? It's so small .
2. Is that a dog ? It's so big .

### box
1. Give me a box please .
2. Which one ? That little one ?
3. No , not that little one . This big one .
### glass
1. Give me a glass please .
2. Which one? That full one ?
3. No, not that full one . This empty one .

### cup
1. Give me a cup please .
2. Which one ? This dirty one ?
3. No,not this dirty one . This clean one .

### bottle
1. Give me a bottle please.
2. Which one ? This large one ?
3. No, not this large one . That small one .

### tin
1. Give me a tin please .
2. Whice one ? This new one ?
3. No, not this new one . This old one .

### knife
1. Give me knife please .
2. Whice one ? That  blunt one ?
3. No, not that blunt one ,this sharp one .